Rainbow Refrain — LOCAL PLAYTEST BUILD (Phase 3D.4)
NOT the 13KB submission artifact. For local EASY v2 / NORMAL v2 / HARD v2
+ Hold note testing only.

Phase 3D.4 note: Phase 3D.3 only removed an active Hold's OWN gate on
GAME OVER — a further audit found any OTHER unresolved gate (e.g. an
ordinary note that just hadn't reached its own miss window yet) could
still be left behind and keep rendering after GAME OVER. GAME OVER now
goes through one shared cleanup step for all its trigger paths (a wrong-
lane press, an early Hold release, a Hold timing out, or an ordinary note
passing by unpressed) that clears every remaining runtime gate, so
nothing stale can ever render again once GAME OVER is reached.

Phase 3D.3 note: fixed two GAME OVER terminal-state bugs found by audit.
(1) The GAME OVER screen was missing SCORE and BEST — it showed PERFECT/
GOOD/MISS/MAX COMBO only. Both terminal screens (GAME OVER and RUN
COMPLETE) now build their result text from the same shared, finalized
source. (2) If a Hold was still active when an UNRELATED miss on another
lane caused the third MISS, the held note's own gate could be left behind
in memory and keep rendering after GAME OVER, even though activeHold
itself was correctly cleared. Both terminal miss paths now also remove
the held gate itself, so nothing stale renders once GAME OVER is reached.

Phase 3D.2 note: fixed a transient judgment-popup bug (not a scoring
bug — score/combo/misses were always correct internally, and the final
result screen was always correct too). During dense sections (HARD
especially), judgments can occur faster than the ~550ms each PERFECT/
GOOD/MISS popup holds the screen — the popup used to read the combo/
misses-left number LIVE when it finally got its turn, so a queued popup
could show a number that no longer matched its own judgment (e.g. a
PERFECT popup showing combo 0 because a MISS had already reset combo by
the time it was shown). Popups now show the number as it truly was at
their own judgment. Also: GAME OVER / RUN COMPLETE now pre-empt any
STALE backlog of not-yet-shown popups the instant the run ends, so the
result screen appears promptly instead of after a whole backlog
finishes draining (the MISS that directly causes GAME OVER still gets
its own turn shown first, as before).

Phase 3D.1 note: replaced HARD with HARD v2 (still 158 notes, 8 Holds,
same Hold times/lanes) — a Codex audit found the previous HARD chart's
0.096s ("16th-note") decoder unit was misleading, since every note still
landed on an even grid index (i.e. it was really only ever a 0.192s grid
underneath). HARD v2 contains 16 genuine odd-16th-grid notes that are
impossible on a 0.192s grid. REFERENCES/rainbow_refrain_hard_chart_v1.csv
has been deleted and is no longer used anywhere.

Phase 3D note: added HARD v1 (158 notes, 8 Holds, finer 16th-note-grid
density than NORMAL) as a 3rd selectable difficulty. The title-screen
selector is now EASY / NORMAL / HARD: UP/LEFT move backward and
DOWN/RIGHT move forward through that list, WRAPPING at both ends (e.g.
EASY + UP wraps to HARD) — this replaced the old 2-item EASY/NORMAL
toggle, which no longer made sense with 3 options. Touch: tap whichever
of the 3 columns you want.

Phase 3C.1 note: all four arrow keys change the selection (no dead ends);
this remains true with 3 items via wrap-around instead of a toggle.

Phase 3C note: the title screen now has a DIFFICULTY selector (EASY /
NORMAL, EASY is the default). Desktop: UP/DOWN or LEFT/RIGHT to change it,
Space to start with whatever is selected. Touch: tap EASY or NORMAL to
select it, then tap anywhere else to start (a tap on the selector only
selects — it never also starts the run). The selector is locked once a
run begins, and a retry (R) always restarts the SAME difficulty you were
already playing — it never silently resets to EASY.

EASY v2: 82 notes, 3 Holds (Human-approved, unchanged).
NORMAL v2: 118 notes, 5 Holds (NEW — this build makes NORMAL's Human
Playtest possible for the first time). Difficulty is purely note
count/density/placement — Hold and TAP judgment windows, the 3-MISS
GAME OVER rule, and the shared audio clock are IDENTICAL on both.

Phase 3B.2 note: fixed a visual/judgment mismatch in the Hold end marker.
The marker is now drawn with the SAME shape as its own lane (PINK=circle,
GOLD=diamond, CYAN=square) instead of a generic ring, using the exact same
shape-drawing code as the note head — and its stroke is now a thin,
note-like line instead of accidentally inheriting the thick tail line's
stroke width. The marker's visible edge now sits within ~1px (~5ms) of
where release is actually judged, for all three lanes.

Phase 3B.1 note: Hold notes show a clear END MARKER at the far end of the
tail — that marker reaching the judgment line is your cue to RELEASE.
Releasing is judged exactly like a normal note: release right as the
marker crosses the line for PERFECT, a little early/late for GOOD, too
early or not at all for MISS. Holding forever without releasing is not an
automatic success — it will time out to a MISS once the window passes,
just like an unpressed note would.

Phase 3B note (unchanged): EASY chart v2 (82 notes, 3 of them Hold notes)
replaced the old 118-note v1 chart.

Phase 3A.2 clock architecture is unchanged: gameplay and the WAV still
share ONE clock origin (audioContext.currentTime, captured only once the
WAV is fully decoded). Pressing Space/Tap before decode finishes just
holds briefly on the title screen.

This build fetches audio/track.wav via fetch(), which most browsers block
under the file:// origin. Serve this folder over local HTTP instead, e.g.
from this directory:

  npx serve .
  (or) python -m http.server 8080

then open the printed http://localhost:... address.

What to check:
- Title screen is silent.
- Space (desktop) / Tap (touch) starts the run.
- The reference WAV begins about 2.25 seconds after you start — that gap
  is intentional (the pre-roll matches note travel time, so the first note
  reaches the judgment line exactly when the WAV reaches its own 0.294s).
- Notes should feel synced to the track throughout, not just at the start.
- R restarts cleanly (WAV rewinds, chart resets, no double audio).
